Muslim it will snowball my son.
OK so this is the continuation of the total see Gleaner.
So I demand that is only completed the word function.
OK.
So no we cannot test
this notification.
And here we are a method that is the method what it takes to keep the city of Oakland puts the distance
and also for work with teachers for work.
And then he moves now your objective is to make the rotate operation.
OK so you means to me also rotate operation.
And for this our goal is to plot the reading.
OK.
So you admit that the method like what it takes.
And here we have another story the other day and also whether it is clockwise or counter.
So let me first clarify that there is a massive rotation.
So consider this the this is mobile and this is the ex-porn unique in the Waikato.
So the rotation is going to be called loquats.
OK.
So this kind of rotation is part of the Malaysian commercial.
So here is part of the
if this is made clockwise these days you have a negative which is
not implementing it.
So here we have one for days and then a the the book was the counterclockwise.
So basically going will be around the z axis.
OK.
So the goal part of being able to sleep of on because we are not looking for any new here any more.
So we are going to swallow and that she and for now we need actually to put a satellite and easy access
both off the killer.
This is the message so you find this message.
And as you know it's composed of three year the loss in angular velocity.
Needless to say you know we are going to specify the so we have two cases whether it is clockwise or
counter-clockwise.
OK so we have to decent accounts and this should be the code.
So the rotation is clockwise.
The second part of it you get as much growth wise.
Miss Negahban so I'm going to put a negative value minus the accident.
And so this impose legally binding will have in clockwise or in the chain on the engine of the that's
OK.
So you have to be
for actually publishing Lesage if you buy those of Mrs..
OK.
We are ready.
So I'm going to publish a message.
Why
ok.
Keep publishing the message.
Why do the spec is smaller.
So of course the big angle to be able to zero OK because of the total cost is not.
And then we have to continue my research over time.
So how to do this is the same way that we likely to calculate the time you have the anger out of those.
OK.
So actually the other
decade it really measured be every two
weeks is multiplied by the let's say you want Andi's you it's the time start.
So what you want to is you will be just before three years ago.
OK.
I'm going to take the time before the low newsiest time now.
Okay.
And do you want
me measured in some OK and you're going to teach us of course I should forgive me.
What are the most and finally I mean have you seen for some time.
OK.
And here I have to find a new place you know.
So my new page is going to
100 time that second really is too much time for.
To find OK because otherwise Nobuyuki overhunting But first
that's all I need to do.
And finally if we need to do we need to start we need to start looking for something to publish.
This is going to be just the effort to see.
So I actually use my e-mail all day so that's this little one now in the same way.
I'm going on with just no.
So we go to the May.
Was either on the other end of the street is going to be amongst the Boston in the anti-conspiracy specified
clockwise or counter clockwise.
And finally we want to call the
section at the sun over this way and we as human being understood and understood to be so that you can
make a complex degrees and this function doesn't exist so we have to define it.
OK I'm going to the farm method.
The Dacier I've been eating.
OK.
I'm just going to another OK it's going to be done in
everything that's tested.
So let me know the it's very simple just below here.
I'm going to be fine so easily it takes another.
And he told me in basement.
Bye bye Bye bye.
One hundred eighty one does or does he only cost them by the school.
Look what you've got.
Look for the pipeline.
OK so everything is really just sort of function.
You can buy game.
Oh it looks fine.
It is delicious.
OK an artist or something like that.
We have no knowledge OK.
We chose both politics.
No.
Nope nope.
That's why I'm going to use those words OK so this is also OK not the test.
This is going to be a.
For that actually.
Yes.
OK.
Now on to the US.
So let me make it like two things open.
I think it's going to fall for this.
OK.
It's going to be going clockwise from here.
And you can see them Robert is actually imitating counterclockwise.
OK.
And he's going to stop teaching us.
And that's the case.
So now I can do this again.
Just
so this is the new normal.
OK.
And that's in no wise.
So let me go to 30 degrees for a second.
Again 90 degrees but not once or twice.
So with winter.
Methods of methods will undertake these components for a petition because you question the sequence
of your own motions.
OK.
So before moving to the application let's assume that you let it go.
So the absolute absolutely not.
Because nobody will say this.
But now that I would like to pull those orientation into 60 degrees.
Absolutely.
What that means is to respond to the six is under or to the 90 degrees and whatever it is it's it is
important for example to this you actually are like direction.
So for this girl to make another method that is close.
These are all issues.
Absolute action.
OK.
I'm going to define it now.
Delusional is the duration or the method.
So these are only shown OK.
That work is going to to a certain aptitude orientation.
OK.
What is up here I would like to not be pointing to take whatever it is it'll be for you.
So it's way too ridiculous so what we need to do we need to get rid of them between the orientation
and the this.
So this is the time of the implementation of the design orientation.
So you got light to follow.
OK so as I mentioned.
First of all first ladies and then the other day to the letter B C the desired inradius minus what you
supposed to do.
So what do you suppose that that.
This is the current orientation of the road.
This is the issue of how get this.
OK.
So is this using a subscriber to the polls.
So here is subscriber disco's subscriber.
So I remember OK when you hear story this
and you have a problem that needs polls.
OK.
So we can inside the polls.
Most of the one poll
so can see that the board is an excellent point and the y component also take a couple that make.
Right.
OK so I can see that information about the post.
Ok so it's a stipend so I need to make a subscriber to the publisher of a post I made to make subscribing
don't know what is the x y or z value of literacy.
That's what we do here.
We define a subscriber that is the subscriber here.
And our main function
is always fun to find the post subscribers so I'm wanting to find the post subscriber in the mail box
OK so I will.
Most of the mail function just after all this should so my post subscriber which is the local variable
here.
In line is defined as a subscriber to the one who's going to call those folks functions let me also
so say I might go back to my days as part of the post message that is going to be see from the doggie.
OK.
Zippos.
So this is exactly the title of the message.
Okay.
And in fact so what do we do in this method by going to a site that is obviously the message into a
number.
They only use data on our program.
So here at issue is very simple and straightforward All I want to do here.
The post is going to be what.
So this is defined as a global date so its access is the whole program in terms of sport.
Whenever people see.
So its going to be so here suppose we can take the last information of the post of the turtles which
I can only use for example for determining the current orientation of rope using that impose the death
which is what you see in the post message.
OK so the most opposed message is the message is receive a call back fancy.
Whenever the position of all of this is updated.
OK.
So you this that they are going to be able to ID the the.
And this is what one to use here in the same orientation so that the other is going to do the design
of the radio.
OK.
Minus the third orientation they're also going to find them are going to determine whether it is clockwise
or vice.
OK.
So the idea is that it is quite otherwise.
Lol.
Now it's very simple.
I'm going to call the method.
OK.
I'm going to be in play here.
Let's see the actual value of the other two OK.
Here is what is the value for your not to test our program.
It's very simple.
I'm going to call the orientation orientation of course not for me to do anything.
So I would like to personally visualize or indeed the one with the degrees and then after two seconds.
Minus six degrees and then let's say going to come back to let's make it a zillion
OK.
So you need to make the conversion because all of the eagerly.
How have implemented.
OK so the knobs are supposed to call
and then we do it.
So don't it you know.
So it's good to get a piece of what we.
Well really that minus 60 degrees and this finally goes to zero.
So these are all here.